improve documentation for the 2.0 version (#40)
Platform-OS/pos-module-user: README.md

#### Assigning roles to users during registration

The `modules/user/commands/user/create` will set role `superadmin` to the first User that registers. 

The `POST /users` endpoint defined in `modules/user/public/views/pages/users/create.liquid` will assign the role `member` to a user as a default role.

### Session based authentication

#### Log in using email and password

You can log the user in (which [creates a new session](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/session#security)):

```
function res = 'modules/user/commands/session/create', email: 'email@example.com', password: 'password'
```

This command fires `hook_user_login` hooks.

#### Log out

You can destroy a user session (which will log out the user) by invoking the following command:

```
function res = 'modules/user/commands/session/destroy'
```

It will fire `hook_user_logout` hooks.

#### Log in without password validation 

> It's possible to skip the password validation and just create a session and fire `hook_user_login` by setting `validate_password` boolean argument to `false` when calling `modules/user/sessions/create` command. In this case `user_id` argument must be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It’s possible to skip password validation and create a session while triggering the `hook_user_login` by setting the `validate_password` boolean argument to `false` when calling the `modules/user/commands/session/create` command. In this case, the `user_id` argument must be provided.
```

```
function res = 'modules/user/commands/session/create', user_id: '1', validate_password: false
```

> #### Endpoints for sign in / sign out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Endpoints for Sign In / Sign Out
```

> The table below contains a table with [Resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided by for the sign in / sign out functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table provides [Resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided by for the sign in / sign out functionality:
```

| HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description |
|---|---|---|---|

> | GET  | /sessions/new | modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/new.liquid | render a sign in form with inputs for user's email and password |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GET  | /sessions/new | `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/new.liquid` | Renders a sign-in form with inputs for user's email and password.
```

> | POST  | /sessions | modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/create.liquid | creates session for the authenticated user based on [password authentication](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#password) or re-renders the sign in form if credentials do not match. You can modify the redirect path with a param called `redirect_to` or you can set `redirect_to` in `hook_user_login` hook |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POST  | /sessions | `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/create.liquid` | Creates a session for the authenticated user based on [password authentication](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#password) or re-renders the sign in form if credentials do not match. You can modify the redirect path with a param called `redirect_to` or you can set `redirect_to` in `hook_user_login` hook. |
```

> | DELETE  | /sessions | modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/delete.liquid | invalidates the current session which results in loging the user out |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DELETE  | /sessions |  `modules/user/public/views/pages/sessions/delete.liquid` | Invalidates the current session and logging the user out. |
```

> Example code that redirects a user to the `/admin` endpoint if they have `admin_pages.view` permission using. Defined in the `hook_user_login`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: You can define a `hook_user_login` that redirects a user to `/admin` if they have the `admin_pages.view` permission. 
```

return res
```

### Reset password

The reset password functionality consists of two resources: `password` and `authentication_link`. 

#### CRUD commands 

> create/update given user's password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or update a given user's password:
```

```
function result = 'modules/user/commands/passwords/create', object: object
```

> create an `authentication link` that points to the `GET /passwords/edit` endpoint, to be sent to the user's email. The authentication link will include [a temporary token that would authenticate a user based on their email only](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#temporary-token):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an `authentication link` that points to the `GET /passwords/edit` endpoint, which will be sent to the user's email, use the following command. The authentication link will include [a temporary token that authenticates a user based on their email only](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#temporary-token):
```

```
function object = 'modules/user/commands/authentication_links/create', email: "john@doe.com", host: context.location.host
```

> #### Endpoints for the reset password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Endpoints for Reset Password
```

> The table below contains a table with [Resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided by for the reset password functionality. They are ordered based on the flow - `GET /passwords_reset` if the entry point for the flow, `POST /passwords/create` ends the flow by updating the password and redirecting the user to the sign in page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below contains [Resourceful routes](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/platformos-modules#resourceful-route-naming-convention) provided for the reset password functionality, ordered based on the flow. The flow begins at `GET /passwords/reset` and ends at `POST /passwords/create`, which updates the password and redirects the user to the sign-in page.
```

| HTTP method   | slug  | page file path |  description |
|---|---|---|---|

> | GET  | /passwords/reset | modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/reset.liquid | render a reset password form |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GET  | /passwords/reset | `modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/reset.liquid` | Renders a reset password form. |
```

> | POST  | /authentication_links | modules/user/public/views/pages/authentication_links/create.liquid | generates a link with [temporary token](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#temporary-token) and sends an email using `modules/user/commands/emails/auth-link` command to the email address provided by the user in the reset password step  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POST  | /authentication_links | `modules/user/public/views/pages/authentication_links/create.liquid` | Generates a link with [temporary token](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#temporary-token) and sends an email using the `modules/user/commands/emails/auth-link` command to the email address provided by the user in the reset password step.  |
```

> | GET  | /passwords/edit | modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/edit.liquid | user lands here by clicking a reset password link included in the email. This endpoint [authenticates the user based on the temporary token](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#temporary-token) and if successful, redirects them to the `GET /passwords/new` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GET  | /passwords/edit | `modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/edit.liquid` | User lands here by clicking on the reset password link in the email. This endpoint [authenticates the user using the temporary token](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/users/authentication#temporary-token) and, if successful, redirects them to `GET /passwords/new`. |
```

> | GET  | /passwords/new | modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/new.liquid | renders a form which allows the user to provide their new password |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GET  | /passwords/new | `modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/new.liquid` | Renders a form where the user can provide their new password. |
```

> | POST  | /passwords/create | modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/create.liquid | overwrites the existing user's password with a new password and redirects the user to the `GET /sessions/new` endpoint so they can log in |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| POST  | /passwords/create | `modules/user/public/views/pages/passwords/create.liquid` | Overwrites the existing user's password with the new password and redirects the user to the `GET /sessions/new` endpoint, so they can log in. |
```

### RBAC Authorization

> The module provides the fundation for implemeneintg Role-Based Access Control in your application. As described in the registration section, all the user initially receive a `member` role. The first user that signs up will receive a `superadmin` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module provides the foundation for implementing **Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)** in your platformOS application. As described in the registration section, all users initially receive the **member** role. The first user that signs up will automatically receive the **superadmin** role.
```

> #### authorization commands 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authorization Commands 
```

> There are the following helper commands provided by the module to authorize the user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module offers several helper commands to authorize users:
```

> ##### can_do command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `can_do` command
```

> It returns either `true` or `false` depending if the user has permission to the operation defined as a `do` argument. Useful to modify the UI based on the permission and do not include functionalities to which user does not have permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command returns `true` or `false` depending on whether the user has permission to perform the operation defined by the `do` argument. It is useful for modifying the UI based on permissions, ensuring that functionalities a user does not have access to are not displayed.
```

```
function can = 'modules/user/helpers/can_do', requester: user, do: 'admin_pages.view'
```

> ##### can_do_or_unauthorized command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `can_do_or_unauthorized` command
```

> If the user does not have permission, the 403 page is rendered and the flow stops. Has to use deprecated `include` functionality for the `break` liquid tag to work properly - we do not want to execute code past this point if the user has no permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user does not have permission, the system renders a **403 Unauthorized** page, and the flow stops. This command uses the deprecated `include` tag to work with the `break` Liquid tag properly - we do not want to execute code past this point if the user has no permission.
```

```
# platformos-check-disable ConvertIncludeToRender
include 'modules/user/helpers/can_do_or_unauthorized', requester: current_user, do: 'users.register'
# platformos-check-enable ConvertIncludeToRender
```

> The `platformos-check-disable` and `platformos-check-enable` will let [platformos-check](https://github.com/Platform-OS/platformos-check) to not report a warning for using the `include` tag instead of the `render` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `platformos-check-disable` and `platformos-check-enable` tags are used to prevent the [platformOS-check](https://github.com/Platform-OS/platformos-check) from reporting a warning for using the `include` tag instead of the recommended `render` tag.
```

> ##### can_do_or_redirect command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `can_do_or_redirect` command
```

> If the user does not have permission, the user will be redirected to the url provided as an argument. Has to use deprecated `include` functionality for the `break` liquid tag to work properly - we do not want to execute code past this point if the user has no permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user does not have permission, they will be redirected to the URL provided as an argument. This command uses the deprecated `include` tag to work with the `break` Liquid tag properly - we do not want to execute code past this point if the user has no permission.
```

```
# platformos-check-disable ConvertIncludeToRender
include 'modules/user/helpers/can_do_or_redirect', requester: current_user, do: 'users.register', return_url: '/sessions/new'
# platformos-check-enable ConvertIncludeToRender
```

The `platformos-check-disable` and `platformos-check-enable` will let [platformos-check](https://github.com/Platform-OS/platformos-check) to not report a warning for using the `include` tag instead of the `render` tag.

> #### Defining roles' permissions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Defining Roles' Permissions
```

> Roles' permissions are defined in `modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions/permissions.liquid` in a form of a simple JSON. You can overwrite it per your application requirements. For example, if you would like to add a new role "foo" with permissions "foo.show", "foo.manage", you can do it by extending the json with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roles and their permissions are defined in the `modules/user/public/lib/queries/role_permissions/permissions.liquid` file in a simple JSON format. You can modify this file to suit your application’s requirements. For example, if you want to add a new role, such as **foo**, with permissions **foo.show** and **foo.manage**, you can extend the JSON as follows:
```

```
  "foo": [
    "foo.show",
    "site.manage"
  ]
```

> If you receive 500 error after modifying the permissions.liquid file, please check logs for the hint - most likely after the modifications it is no longer a valid JSON due to missing comma, an extra comma, or something similar. Typical errors are leaving a traililng comma. Here is an example of a modification that will raise an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive a **500 error** after modifying the `permissions.liquid` file, check the logs for hints. The error might be due to an invalid JSON format, such as a missing or extra comma. For example, the following modification will raise an error due to a trailing comma:

```

```
  "foo": [
    "foo.show",
    "site.manage", <- this comma will cause an error
  ]
```

> ## Customizing the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customizing the Module
```

> You can easily customize the module using [overwriting a module file](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/modules#overwritting-a-module-file). In this section you will find some most common examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily customize the **User module** by [overwriting a module file](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/modules/modules#overwriting-a-module-file). This allows you to modify specific functionalities without changing the original code. Below are some common customization examples.
```

> ### Example 1: Changing sign up URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Changing the Sign-Up URL
```

> By default the module creates [Page](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/pages) which defines `/users/new` endpoint to display the registration form. If you would like to change it, for example to `/sign-up`, you can do it by creating a file overwrite for this page and manually defining `slug: sign-up`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the module creates a [Page](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/pages) with the `/users/new` endpoint for the registration form. If you'd like to change it (e.g., to `/sign-up`), you can do so by overwriting this page and updating the `slug`.
```

> First, create nested directories to be able to place your file overwrite there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps:
1. Create the necessary nested directories to be able to place your overwrite file there:
```

`mkdir -p app/modules/user/public/views/pages/users/`

> Copy the page you would like to overwrite:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the original page file you would like to overwrite:
```

`cp modules/user/public/views/pages/users/new.liquid app/modules/user/public/views/pages/users/new.liquid`

> Edit the overwrite `app/modules/user/public/views/pages/users/new.liquid` YAML section of the Page (make sure you are modifying the overwrite and not the original file - overwrites are inside `<project root>/app/modules` directory, whereas original files will be in `<project root>/modules`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Edit the overwrite file located in `app/modules/user/public/views/pages/users/new.liquid`. Modify the YAML section of the page to change the `slug`. (Make sure you are modifying the overwrite and not the original file—overwrites are located in the `<project root>/app/modules` directory, whereas the original files are located in the `<project root>/modules` directory.)
```

```yaml
---
slug: sign-up
---
```

> ```liquid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Modify the Liquid code:

```liquid
```

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure what's happening here, can you also write once sentence here about this step and its goal?

{% raw %}
{% liquid
  function current_user = 'modules/user/queries/user/current'
  include 'modules/user/helpers/can_do_or_unauthorized', requester: current_user, do: 'users.register'

  function registration_fields = 'modules/user/queries/registration_fields/load'
  theme_render_rc 'modules/user/users/new', context: context, registration_fields: registration_fields
%}
{% endraw %}
```

> As the end result, the registration form will be located now in /sign-up, and /users/new will render 404 Not Found error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the registration form will now be available at `/sign-up`, and the `/users/new` URL will render a 404 Not Found error.
```

> ### Example 2: Modifying the HTML of the sign in form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Modifying the HTML of the Sign-In Form
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to modify the **Sign-In** form's HTML, you can overwrite the [Partial](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/reusing-code-across-multiple-pages) responsible for rendering the form.

```

Reviewer: I hope I got it right and this is the case, I wanted to write an introduction here what the task is.

> First, create the directory for the overwrite. Because we want to override the presentation layer, we should overwrite the [Partial](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/reusing-code-across-multiple-pages). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps:
1. Create the directory for the overwrite. Since we are overriding the presentation layer, we should overwrite the [Partial](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/reusing-code-across-multiple-pages).
```

`mkdir -p modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions`

> Please note that in this example we are  working with `sessions` directory, because this is where Sign In functionality is located. Copy the partial which is responsible for rendering the sign in form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the partial responsible for rendering the sign-in form:
```

`cp modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions/new.liquid app/modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions/new.liquid`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> Please note that in this example, we are working with the `sessions` directory, as this is where the Sign-In functionality is located.
```

> You can now freely modify the presentation layer of your session. Only overwrite the page if you need to provide extra data to the partial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can freely modify the HTML or presentation layer of the sign-in form in the copied file.
```

> ## Helper queries and commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Helper Queries and Commands

The module also provides several useful queries and commands to help you manage users and permissions
```

> ### Query which returns the amount of all users in the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Query which returns the amount of all users in the system

This query returns the total number of users in the system:
```

> ### Query which returns the amount of all users in the system

Reviewer: Maybe you can name it to - Query: Count All Users? :)

```
function users_count = 'modules/user/queries/user/count'
```

> ### Query which returns currently authenticated user

Reviewer: Query: Get Currently Authenticated User?

Author: ```suggestion
### Query: Get Currently Authenticated User
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query returns the currently authenticated user:

```

```
function current_user = 'modules/user/queries/user/current'
```

> ### Query which returns permissions of a given user

Reviewer: Query: Get Permissions of a Given User?

Author: ```suggestion
### Query: Get Permissions of a Given User
```

> ### Query which returns permissions of a given user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Query which returns permissions of a given user

This query returns the permissions assigned to a specified user:

```

```
function permissions = 'modules/user/queries/user/get_permissions', user: user
```

> ## Versioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Versioning

To manage versioning with Git and npm, you can follow these commands:
```

### Example 2: Modifying the HTML of the Sign-In Form
If you want to modify the **Sign-In** form's HTML, you can overwrite the [Partial](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/reusing-code-across-multiple-pages) responsible for rendering the form.

Steps:
1. Create the directory for the overwrite. Since we are overriding the presentation layer, we should overwrite the [Partial](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/reusing-code-across-multiple-pages).

`mkdir -p modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions`

2. Copy the partial responsible for rendering the sign-in form:

`cp modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions/new.liquid app/modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions/new.liquid`
> [!NOTE] 
> Please note that in this example, we are working with the `sessions` directory, as this is where the Sign-In functionality is located.
Now, you can freely modify the HTML or presentation layer of the sign-in form in the copied file.

## Helper Queries and Commands

The module also provides several useful queries and commands to help you manage users and permissions

> ### Query which returns the amount of all users in the system

Author: ```suggestion
###  Query: Count All Users
```

Steps:
1. Create the directory for the overwrite. Since we are overriding the presentation layer, we should overwrite the [Partial](https://documentation.platformos.com/developer-guide/pages/reusing-code-across-multiple-pages).

`mkdir -p modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions`

2. Copy the partial responsible for rendering the sign-in form:

`cp modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions/new.liquid app/modules/user/public/views/partials/sessions/new.liquid`
> [!NOTE] 
> Please note that in this example, we are working with the `sessions` directory, as this is where the Sign-In functionality is located.
Now, you can freely modify the HTML or presentation layer of the sign-in form in the copied file.
> [!NOTE] 
> Please note that in this example, we are working with the `sessions` directory, as this is where the Sign-In functionality is located.
## Helper Queries and Commands

The module also provides several useful queries and commands to help you manage users and permissions

> ### Query which returns the amount of all users in the system

Author: ```suggestion
### Query: Count All Users
```
